good morning let's present the
final project that was made for the
digital treatment subject
engineering program images
technological mechatronics with consultants
but without cuts by means of which
using a webcam
let's read the numbers
in any order
and with that software of evil we are going to
identify that the number way that
We put Grandma's camera using a
database that was designed with the
characteristics of each number
among them its area its perimeter its
solidity and eccentricity their diameters of
major axis and minor
and then we are going to run software for
repair the correct functioning of the
system let's take three numbers to the
random
[Music]
good is the first channel number
of the system
61 good we see that he read the number
correctly let's read another number
three figures
[Music]
good the system will identify
then the number of which we are
reading in real time
254 well then there we see that the
union system or correctly
I hope you liked the work
and if they have any write now what
do or throw hotmail.com if they have
some two and many thanks for the
Attention